it's Healy couture sorry if my head is
cut off you're not going to be looking
at it for much longer so don't worry
this is going to be a back to school
supply haul video and I'm just gonna get
right into it because I think my camera
is dying so I'll just start with binders
I got four binders one for each of my
main classes like English science math
and social studies they're all avery and
one-inch so I got a be pink one a blue
one purple one and a black one because
they didn't have orange or green which I
was really sad about so I just got plain
black then I got some tab dividers for
that and I got some studio C tab
dividers and that something look like
and then I got a different pack and
that's what those look like and these
were each like two something so I didn't
want to get all of these because I'll be
really expensive so then I just got a
clean pack of these pretty boring but
they get the job done then I got some
folders all the same colors of my binder
because I'm really color coded this year
and you will see that so just have black
and they're like for like pocket purple
pink and then there was no blue so I
just got this from Studio C it's just
like a zig zag colorful pattern but
whatever that will go my blue binder and
then I got this file organizer from the
dollar store because I want to put my
homework in something but I didn't want
like a homework binder so just got a
homework folder and it like has tab
dividers so I'll just have like math
English science social studies and put
it in the certain tab so it comes with
labels so I thought this was a good idea
and it's really small so that's
convenient I guess then also filled also
I got this little agenda it just says
1213 on it it looks pretty plain bonging
inside it is so colorful like fades into
different colors and it's pretty big
surprisingly like the space considering
it is a small agenda but um that's my
agenda I didn't want to go to Walmart or
Target for my junk because they're
really expensive for some odd reason um
let me just got some highlighters
because I'm obsessed with highlighting
just has like five different colors
every color besides purple really
and I got some pens they were required
but I don't write in pen at all and then
I got my favorite pencils ever Don's
Roga or however you say I don't even
know but they really are the world's
best pencil like the led the eraser the
look of the pencil everything's just
perfect and then oh I got this a walker
shelf and I was kind of worried I was
gonna fit in my locker but it does
because I measured it while I was at
school for orientation and not
orientation on this summer program for
freshmen yeah it's just like to get used
to high school I'm such a nerd I know um
so I measured it and I could actually
fit my locker so I know this will fit
it's just pink and it's from Walmart
it's like four dollars and it's just so
I can put like my binders in my books so
I'm separated organized you know then I
got some notebooks which are also the
colors of my binders so I just got a
pink one which these were 90s at 97
cents for a moment pink one purple I'm
black one and blue one and I think that
is all my school supplies so thanks
watching you can subscribe